Add 5.16 release notes (#461)
chef/cookstyle: RELEASE_NOTES.md

`Enabled by default`: True

`Autocorrects`: Yes

***Single condition case statement:***

```ruby
case node['platform']
when 'ubuntu'
  log "We're on Ubuntu"
  apt_update
end
```

Autocorrected code:

```ruby
include_recipe 'yum' if platform_family?('rhel)
end
```

***Single condition case statement with a single line:***

```ruby
if platform?('ubuntu')
  log "We're on Ubuntu"
  apt_update
end
```

Autocorrected code:

```ruby
include_recipe 'yum' if platform_family?('rhel)
end
```

#### ChefStyle/ImmediateNotificationTiming

The `ChefStyle/ImmediateNotificationTiming` cop detects the usage of the `:immediate` notification timing instead of `:immediately`. The two values result in the same notification, but `:immediately` is the documented form and should be used for consistency.

`Enabled by default`: True

`Autocorrects`: Yes

#### ChefCorrectness/InvalidNotificationTiming

The `ChefCorrectness/InvalidNotificationTiming` cop will detect a resource that notifies with timing other than `:before`, `:immediate`, `:immediately`, or ``:delayed``.

`Enabled by default`: True

`Autocorrects`: No

#### ChefCorrectness/MalformedPlatformValueForPlatformHelper

> The `ChefCorrectness/MalformedPlatformValueForPlatformHelper` detects incorrect usage of the `value_for_platform()` helper. The `value_for_platform()` helper requires additional information be passed vs. the `value_for_platform_family()` helper and the formats are often confused. `value_for_platform()` takes a hash of platforms where each platform has a hash of potential platform values or a `default` key. This cop detects incorrectly passing the hash of platforms or not including the hash of platform versions / default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ChefCorrectness/MalformedPlatformValueForPlatformHelper` detects incorrect usage of the `value_for_platform()` helper. The `value_for_platform()` helper requires that additional information is passed that is not required by the `value_for_platform_family()` helper. These two formats are often confused. The `value_for_platform()` helper takes a hash of platforms where each platform has a hash of potential platform values or a `default` key. This cop detects if a hash of platforms is passed incorrectly or if a hash of platform versions or a default value is not included.
```

)
```

***Helper usage with the platform version hash***

```ruby
value_for_platform(
  %w(redhat oracle) => {
    '5' => 'foo',
    '6' => 'bar',
    'default' => 'baz',
  }
)
```

#### ChefCorrectness/DnfPackageAllowDowngrades

The `ChefCorrectness/DnfPackageAllowDowngrades` cop detects the usage of the `dnf_package` resource with the unsupported `allow_downgrades` property set.

`Enabled by default`: True

`Autocorrects`: No

#### ChefDeprecations/RubyBlockCreateAction

The `ChefRedundantCode/RubyBlockCreateAction` cop detects `ruby_block` resources that use the legacy `:create` action instead of the newer `:run` action.

`Enabled by default`: True

`Autocorrects`: Yes

#### ChefDeprecations/DeprecatedPlatformMethods

`Enabled by default`: True

`Autocorrects`: No

#### ChefRedundantCode/SensitivePropertyInResource

The `ChefRedundantCode/SensitivePropertyInResource` cop detects resources that default a `sensitive` property with a default value of `false`. Chef Infra defines this same property / default combination on all resources, so this code is not necessary.

`Enabled by default`: True

`Autocorrects`: Yes

#### ChefModernize/FoodcriticComments

> The `ChefModernize/FoodcriticComments` cop will remove any # ~FCXXX code comments in your cookbook. These comments were used to disable Foodcritic rules from alerting, and are no longer necessary if you rely on Cookstyle for all cookbook linting. This cop is currently disabled by default, but will be enabled by default at a future date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ChefModernize/FoodcriticComments` cop will remove any # ~FCXXX code comments in your cookbook. These comments were used to disable Foodcritic rules from alerting and are no longer necessary if you rely on Cookstyle for all cookbook linting. This cop is currently disabled by default, but will be enabled by default at a future date.
```

`Enabled by default`: False

`Autocorrects`: Yes

### Other fixes and changes

- The list of files that Cookstyle checks for offenses has been updated to improve the time it takes to scan a large repository.

> - The `ChefCorrectness/NotifiesActionNotSymbol`, `ChefCorrectness/ScopedFileExist`, and `ChefDeprecationns/LegacyNotifySyntax` cops will now also check subscriptions in resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `ChefCorrectness/NotifiesActionNotSymbol`, `ChefCorrectness/ScopedFileExist`, and `ChefDeprecations/LegacyNotifySyntax` cops will now also check subscriptions in resources.
```
